Document Activity Links (#382)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/application.mdx

| platform_name?     | string              | The vanity name of the platform a bot has connected (max 50 characters)                                                                                                                                      |
| platform_username? | string              | The username on the platform a bot has connected (max 100 characters)                                                                                                                                        |
| metadata?          | map[string, string] | Object mapping [application role connection metadata](#application-role-connection-metadata-object) keys to their `string`-ified value (max 100 characters) for the user on the platform a bot has connected |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/applications/{application.id}/managed-links/">

>   Get Application Activity Managed Links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get Application Managed Links
```
too wordy imo

</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of [activity link](#activity-link-structure) objects for the given application ID.

> ###### Activity Link Structure

Reviewer: Move this up and make it a proper object since it's referenced in multiple places. Make sure to update links to reference `-object`

| Field                         | Type      | Description                                      |
| ----------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| application_id                | snowflake | The application ID                               |
| link_id ^1^                   | string    | The link ID                                      |
| asset_path? ^2^               | string    | The hash of the application quick link asset     |
| asset_id? ^2^                 | snowflake | The ID of the application asset                  |
| title                         | string    | The title of the activity link                   |
| description                   | string    | The description of the activity link             |
| custom_id?                    | ?string   | A custom id for the activity link                |
| primary_cta? **(deprecated)** | ?string   | The primary call to action for the activity link |

> ^1^ The link ID is `1-1385208877569802300` the first part is the type of activity link, 0 - managed link, 1 - quick link, when fetching an activity link the type must be omitted.
> 
> ^2^ `asset_path` is only present on quick links, while `asset_id` is only present on managed links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^1^ The link ID is in the format `<type>-<id>` where `type` is the [activity link type](#activity-link-type) and `id` is the snowflake ID.

^2^ `asset_path` is only present on quick links, while `asset_id` is only present on managed links.

###### Activity Link Type

| Value | Name | Description
...
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/applications/{application.id}/managed-links/">
  Create Application Activity Managed Link
</RouteHeader>

Creates a new activity managed link. Returns an [activity link](#activity-link-structure) object on success.

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                              | Description                                            |
| ----------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| custom_id?  | ?string                           | A custom id for the activity link (1-256 characters)   |
| description | string                            | The description of the activity link (1-64 characters) |
| image       | [image data](/reference#cdn-data) | The activity link asset                                |
| title       | string                            | The title of the activity link (1-32 characters)       |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/applications/{application.id}/managed-links/{link_id}">
  Get Application Activity Managed Link
</RouteHeader>

> Returns the specified [activity link](#activity-link-structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an [activity link](#activity-link-object) object for the given ID.
```

<RouteHeader method="PATCH" url="/applications/{application.id}/managed-links/{link_id}">
  Update Application Activity Managed Link
</RouteHeader>

> Updates the specified [activity link](#activity-link-structure) for the given application ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the specified activity link for the given application ID. Returns an [activity link](#activity-link-object) object on success.
```
assumption

<RouteHeader method="DELETE" url="/applications/{application.id}/managed-links/{link_id}">
  Delete Application Activity Managed Link
</RouteHeader>

> Deletes the specified [activity link](#activity-link-structure) for the given application ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the specified activity link for the given application ID. Returns a 204 empty response on success.
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/applications/{application.id}/quick-links/">
  Create Application Activity Quick Link
</RouteHeader>

Creates a new activity quick link. Returns an [activity link](#activity-link-structure) object on success.

###### JSON Params

| Field       | Type                              | Description                                            |
| ----------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| custom_id?  | ?string                           | A custom id for the activity link (1-256 characters)   |
| description | string                            | The description of the activity link (1-64 characters) |
| image       | [image data](/reference#cdn-data) | The activity link asset                                |
| title       | string                            | The title of the activity link (1-32 characters)       |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/applications/{application.id}/quick-links/{link_id}" unauthenticated>
  Get Application Activity Quick Link
</RouteHeader>

> Returns the specified [activity link](#activity-link-structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an [activity link](#activity-link-object) object for the given ID.
```
